You said the handsome uncle during the day
Is it really our own father?
Impossible, our dad must be West Han City
My intuition is not wrong.
We have been living with Mommy for the past 5 years
I've never seen Papa
That's good.
Or don't come
One come two
Which one is the real dad?
Hey.
In fact, we have more than two dads
But four
How did that happen?
afternoon
This poem by Mr. Velvet got me started.
So I secretly matched into the Chinese DNA database
A big data match
Turns out we Barbies are all different
Erbao's Barbie Pride
30-Year-old group president
Number of assets under name 11
Sanbao's Bandipei
At the age of 28, he is a first-class music superstar
Fans all over the world
He doesn't need to introduce himself at the age of 28 in Korea and North Korea
Is he the richest man in our province?
I know, it's shocking.
But it's all true
Haha my dad is so much better than velvet paper
No wonder Xiaoyu is so talented in music
Turns out my dad is a big star
It turns out that my father is the richest man
Mommy found 4 dads
She gave birth to four children.
Mommy is really awesome